Dexter has nothing to do with this. You can't do that.
Well, then marry me.
Fine!
Liam, stand down.
I'm glad that you came to your senses.
I can't torture each other anymore. You deserve to be happy.
That's for me to decide. Not you.
I need to know everything that happened to Jay while she was abroad. ASAP.
It's been three days and she's already sleeping with him.
Do this to me!
Now remember, you are here to tow Dexter.
That you are cutting him off.
Or I will ruin his family.
Driss, please don't do that.
Why?
Are you feeling bad for him?
What about all those times that you turned me down?
Did you ever think about my feelings?
Oh, you didn't.
Now you have ten minutes.
Do I mean nothing to you?
So you saw.
It's all over the news, Jade.
I would have to be fucking blind not to see it.
I leave you alone for three days and this is what happens?
Dexter!
I won't let you marry him.